Composition|
I decided to build plane built out of 10 pieces. It was a very rough prototype and I wasn't really satisfied with it becuase I couldn't
build much with such few pieces, but I started writing the instructions from it. I drew some rought outlines of the legos with descriptions
that matched the images. When we were allowed to use more pieces to the build I threw out the original design and started over. This time
I was alot more content with the build. I made a rough draft of the instructions, then I created the final composition, where I took
pictures and wrote a very brief description with each set of instructions. I made it so that itd look like  list and after exchanging instructions
with other people in the class, I got back some good feedback. I did not lay out all the pieces of the build at the start so I will make sure to 
include that in the revision. Also, I will make sure to make it more clear on what pieces should be attached and how it should look after being attached,
as I was made aware that I did not make that straightforward. I'll include the original composition in this log later today.

Audience|
I wrote this composition to be understood by anyone over the age of 8, or at least that was the goal. It was very important to get feedback
because I know that if in a classroom of people over 17 year olds could not understand it, then there is now way a kid that young will.
Since these were lego sets, I wanted the instructions to be very simple and straightforward. Have a picture of the set with a the piece attached to it,
and have the piece of the opposite side shown so you could see what piece needed to go where.

Delivery|
I printed out the instructions solely based off that only my classmates might see it, since revisions and feedback were essential to making the final
composition that I would then be able to share via google docs or github so that others that are not i class could see.

Learning Outcomes|
This week I got to experience hands on with writing instructions, modfying compositions, testing that composition, and making revisions. This week really showed 
what a technical writer experiences on a small scale. I got to experience some of the outcomes of the class as well as personal outcomes of writing instructions, 
choosing a medium of delivery and designing it based on who the audience would be.

